Describe ItemCollection and CollectionCollection (#1290)
radiantearth/stac-spec: item-spec/README.md

**Common Metadata:** A set of commonly-used fields for STAC Items is listed in 
*[common-metadata.md](common-metadata.md)*.

> 
> ## Generic Collections of Items
> 
> In some cases, a set of Items must be grouped together in a unique file such as in the response
> of a [collection search query](https://github.com/radiantearth/stac-api-spec/tree/release/v1.0.0/ogcapi-features#collection-items-collectionscollectioniditems).
> When a set of Items must be grouped together in unique file, the [ItemCollection](https://github.com/radiantearth/stac-api-spec/blob/main/fragments/itemcollection/README.md)
> object must be used.
> 
> Similarly to the relationship between a GeoJSON Feature and a STAC Item,
> a STAC ItemCollection should be a valid GeoJSON [FeatureCollection](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7946#section-3.3)
> to allow interoperability with existing tools that support GeoJSON.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> \[!NOTE]
> In cases where a set of Items is grouped together (e.g. for providing search results),
> the [ItemCollection](https://github.com/radiantearth/stac-api-spec/blob/main/fragments/itemcollection/README.md)
object has been defined in the STAC API specification.
> 
> Similarly to the relationship between a GeoJSON Feature and a STAC Item,
> a STAC ItemCollection should be a valid GeoJSON [FeatureCollection](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7946#section-3.3)
> to allow interoperability with existing tools that support GeoJSON.
```
